Add documentation for check and fix: Sliver polygons, Small polygons, Fix small polygons (#10333)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/fixgeometry.rst

**Algorithm ID**: ``native:fixgeometryhole``

.. include:: ../algs_include.rst
  :start-after: **algorithm_code_section**
  :end-before: **end_algorithm_code_section**

.. _qgisfixgeometryarea:

Fix small polygons
--------------------

Merges neighboring polygons according to the chosen method,

> based on an error layer from the check geometry section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
based on an error layer from the :ref:`qgischeckgeometryarea` or :ref:`qgischeckgeometrysliverpolygon` algorithm.
```

.. figure:: img/fix_geometry_area.png
   :align: center

   Before and after fixing small polygons (method: merge with neighboring polygon with largest area).

.. seealso:: :ref:`qgischeckgeometryarea`, :ref:`qgischeckgeometrysliverpolygon`

Parameters
..........

Basic parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Input layer**
     - ``INPUT``
     - [vector: polygon]
     - Layer with the geometries to fix, same as input in the check algorithm.
   * - **Error layer**
     - ``ERRORS``
     - [vector: point]
     - Point layer with the errors location, generated by the check algorithm.
   * - **Method**
     - ``METHOD``
     - [enumeration]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

       Default: 0
```

     - Method to apply to the small polygon geometries:

       * ``Merge with neighboring polygon with longest shared edge``:
         merges the self-intersecting geometry with the neighboring polygon that has the longest shared edge.
       * ``Merge with neighboring polygon with largest area``:
         merges the self-intersecting geometry with the neighboring polygon that has the largest area.

>        * ``Merge with neighboring polygon with identical attribute value, if any, or leave as is``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * 2 --- ``Merge with neighboring polygon with identical attribute value, if any, or leave as is``:
```

>          merges the self-intersecting geometry with the neighboring polygon that has the same attribute value, if such a polygon exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         merges the small polygon geometry with the neighboring polygon that has the same attribute value, if such a polygon exists.
```
I guess if such a neighbor does not exist, the small.polygon is kept unchanged in the output

>          merges the self-intersecting geometry with the neighboring polygon that has the same attribute value, if such a polygon exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       * 0 --- ``Merge with neighboring polygon with longest shared edge``:
         merges the small polygon geometry with the neighboring polygon that has the longest shared edge.
       * 1 --- ``Merge with neighboring polygon with largest area``:
         merges the small polygon geometry with the neighboring polygon that has the largest area.
       * 2 --- ``Merge with neighboring polygon with identical attribute value, if any, or leave as is``:
         merges the small polygon geometry with a neighboring polygon that has the same attribute value, if such a polygon exists.
```
Regarding the last option, I guess if such a neighbor does not exist, the small polygon is kept unchanged in the output. Should we mention that or it is stating the obvious?  The "the" --> "a" is because of the case there are many attribute-based neighbors. I guess it picks one based on the id order but I didn't check the behavior fyi..
